[[u'e7be7dd1747410b45c84b5144d86802a2e19fda31abedf87b9318c18c457f764_20151021203408', [[0, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself?", u"Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you."], [1, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself? Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you. Sure.", u"Okay, thanks for your patience. Now, to clarify, you're not able to do online enrollment for Annual Enrollment. Is that correct?"], [2, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself? Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you. Sure. Okay, thanks for your patience. Now, to clarify, you're not able to do online enrollment for Annual Enrollment. Is that correct? Correct.", u"Thank you for that information. Please allow me a few moments to access plan information so I may answer your question. Thank you!Thank you for your patience. There is a conflict in the system which will not allow online access to enroll through Annual Enrollment. It's nothing that have done at all. We would refer you to call The Disney Add It Up! Benefits Center and speak to a Health & Insurance Specialist. Their toll free number is #-#-# and their hours are 8:30 AM-8:30 PM ET Monday-Friday."], [3, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself? Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you. Sure. Okay, thanks for your patience. Now, to clarify, you're not able to do online enrollment for Annual Enrollment. Is that correct? Correct. Thank you for that information. Please allow me a few moments to access plan information so I may answer your question. Thank you!Thank you for your patience. There is a conflict in the system which will not allow online access to enroll through Annual Enrollment. It's nothing that have done at all. We would refer you to call The Disney Add It Up! Benefits Center and speak to a Health & Insurance Specialist. Their toll free number is #-#-# and their hours are 8:30 AM-8:30 PM ET Monday-Friday. Ok Great thank you!", u'Annual Enrollment is available through 10/23/2015.Does that all make sense?'], [4, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself? Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you. Sure. Okay, thanks for your patience. Now, to clarify, you're not able to do online enrollment for Annual Enrollment. Is that correct? Correct. Thank you for that information. Please allow me a few moments to access plan information so I may answer your question. Thank you!Thank you for your patience. There is a conflict in the system which will not allow online access to enroll through Annual Enrollment. It's nothing that have done at all. We would refer you to call The Disney Add It Up! Benefits Center and speak to a Health & Insurance Specialist. Their toll free number is #-#-# and their hours are 8:30 AM-8:30 PM ET Monday-Friday. Ok Great thank you! Annual Enrollment is available through 10/23/2015.Does that all make sense? Yes it does. Thank you! Will give them a call today.", u'Excellent. Any other questions at all?'], [5, u"Welcome to the  Benefits Center! Please allow me a minute to access your account details, and review your question. How are you doing today?  Okay thanks, I'm doing alright. Yourself? Good to hear. Doing good here. Thank you for asking. Please give me just a moment as I'm waiting for your account to populate. Thank you. Sure. Okay, thanks for your patience. Now, to clarify, you're not able to do online enrollment for Annual Enrollment. Is that correct? Correct. Thank you for that information. Please allow me a few moments to access plan information so I may answer your question. Thank you!Thank you for your patience. There is a conflict in the system which will not allow online access to enroll through Annual Enrollment. It's nothing that have done at all. We would refer you to call The Disney Add It Up! Benefits Center and speak to a Health & Insurance Specialist. Their toll free number is #-#-# and their hours are 8:30 AM-8:30 PM ET Monday-Friday. Ok Great thank you! Annual Enrollment is available through 10/23/2015.Does that all make sense? Yes it does. Thank you! Will give them a call today. Excellent. Any other questions at all? Nope. Thank you!", u"You're Welcome! We appreciate your time. Have a great day!"]]], [u'9b9935a5f3107d41cc98a02cced97fd982039ac98a25c7feda10149a604da175_20160209154730', [[0, u'Good morning, ! Thank you for contacting Fidelity. I hope you are doing well today.  a bit of snow but loving it!', u'Oh! I do not like snow! I was in your area a few weeks ago for vacation and got stuck in almost 2.5 feet of snow!I appreciate you choosing Fidelity for your new account. I am happy to be of service today.While you cannot have a PO BOX as your legal/residential address, you can use the PO BOX address for your mailing address. When opening the account, you can use your residential address to establish the account and then change your mailing address to the PO BOX. Does that make sense?'], [1, u"Good morning, ! Thank you for contacting Fidelity. I hope you are doing well today.  a bit of snow but loving it! Oh! I do not like snow! I was in your area a few weeks ago for vacation and got stuck in almost 2.5 feet of snow!I appreciate you choosing Fidelity for your new account. I am happy to be of service today.While you cannot have a PO BOX as your legal/residential address, you can use the PO BOX address for your mailing address. When opening the account, you can use your residential address to establish the account and then change your mailing address to the PO BOX. Does that make sense? Yes -  I'll give that a try - thank you Pamela", u'My pleasure! How else may I be of service today, ?Still with me?I will now initiate an automated check of your status in this session. A timeout window will appear on your screen asking you to indicate whether you would like to continue or end this session. Click the continue button to stay in this session, otherwise the session will automatically end.']]], [u'20d9178cd4e734e6d2c1af597bd5fc2ea363f8c725cf034dbb568ee58be0effd_20160729194356', [[0, u' Could I buy an option contract today?', u'thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today?'], [1, u' Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok.', u'I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do?'], [2, u' Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok. I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do? Do I have enough buying power to make a purchase on cash today?', u'How much are you looking to purchase?'], [3, u' Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok. I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do? Do I have enough buying power to make a purchase on cash today? How much are you looking to purchase? #', u'Thank you. Please allow me a moment to review the account.'], [4, u' Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok. I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do? Do I have enough buying power to make a purchase on cash today? How much are you looking to purchase? # Thank you. Please allow me a moment to review the account. ok', u"I see your 'Intraday Buying  ' is at $0 so you would not be able to day trade it. You do have $# in cash to make that purchase. In order to place the trade, we may need to place that over the phone because of the intraday balance. You can contact the Fidelity Active Trader Services group by calling:#-#-# a.m. to 5 p.m., Eastern timeMonday through Friday"], [5, u" Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok. I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do? Do I have enough buying power to make a purchase on cash today? How much are you looking to purchase? # Thank you. Please allow me a moment to review the account. ok I see your 'Intraday Buying  ' is at $0 so you would not be able to day trade it. You do have $# in cash to make that purchase. In order to place the trade, we may need to place that over the phone because of the intraday balance. You can contact the Fidelity Active Trader Services group by calling:#-#-# a.m. to 5 p.m., Eastern timeMonday through Friday ok thanks.", u'You are welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with today?'], [6, u" Could I buy an option contract today? thank you for contacting Fidelity! How are you doing today? ok. I am glad you are doing well. I see your question about buying an options contract. As a member of our Service group, I am happy to help with that today.In order to best assist, can you tell me more about what you are looking to do? Do I have enough buying power to make a purchase on cash today? How much are you looking to purchase? # Thank you. Please allow me a moment to review the account. ok I see your 'Intraday Buying  ' is at $0 so you would not be able to day trade it. You do have $# in cash to make that purchase. In order to place the trade, we may need to place that over the phone because of the intraday balance. You can contact the Fidelity Active Trader Services group by calling:#-#-# a.m. to 5 p.m., Eastern timeMonday through Friday ok thanks. You are welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with today? no", u'We appreciate your business and you taking the time to contact us. I hope you have a great day!']]]]
